media history. I think it's the biggest difference between what media history has done and what
video games is doing has to do with copyright. Yeah, that's that is the absolute
linchpin. So other than the video games kind of flying by the seat of their pants right now,
trying to figure out 50 different things at once. So the first thing I did since I lived in
Maryland close to the Copyright Office was I spent a day or more at the Copyright Office
checking the copyright status of every magazine. Oh, yeah, that is that is extremely similar with
what the VGHF is doing since their collection is extremely magazine based. Oh, oh, okay. So
that's been the only since we can't archive video games the the heritage has
formatted around games magazines from the 80s and 90s. Oh, oh, okay. Okay, since we know we can
do that. And there. So the VGHF's collection is actually it's super one to one. They have
physical archive and all of the stuff in that is scanned and put into their own database.
Oh, okay. So that's how their methodology has been for the last four years or so.
Okay. So in our case, I knew any magazine from 1964 to the present, the copyright was automatic.
Yep. So those were off the table. Anything from 63 and earlier, the copyright could have
expired or could have been renewed. And I found that very little, very few publishers renewed
their copyrights because the magazines were seen as so ephemeral. Yeah. So I have a chart as far as
what's protected by copyright. And we've been conscientious on not digitizing copyrighted
materials. There was one bit of British material, which had copyrighted and the British publishers
showed up. And because the Internet Archive can't region block. Right. Access. It was easiest
just to take those materials down. So the file was still on Internet Archive servers. They are
just not publicly visible. That was that was actually going to be a bunch of. And one of my
questions was, you know, how how it works when you have to take stuff down and part of that legal
access between. So yeah, because your collection has a lot of it's very international. Right. And
so I handed over the collection, the project in in 2017, when I went to work at the Library of
Commerce, and the library said you can't run, be involved with two libraries at the same time.
So my partner, what I know. Sorry. I've only been a librarian for like two years. I've just in
this program. I have never heard that. Well, there'll be a conflict of interest to have
yeah, in library management collections and stuff. Well, if I'm doing working for the
library during the day and freelancing work for a separate nonprofit. Nonprofit. Okay. So I
hand fortunately, I was able to hand it off to Eric Hoyt, who's now he's a professor at the
University of Wisconsin Madison. He's head of the Wisconsin Center for Film and Theater Research.
So he's perfectly positioned to take on that role. And it also meant that the lantern surge,
which once had been a server at like on the floor by his dad, kind of his thing, right? Yeah,
did a lot of work on lantern. Yes. And that then became a university sponsored and supported activity.
Okay, because that suddenly makes the nonprofit a lot more stable. Well, and there really is no
nonprofit anymore. It just becomes an activity of the University of Wisconsin Madison.
I guess, yeah, the way that I'm thinking about it, just because of how video games have been
shaped right now is we're struggling with not folks going into a nonprofit space looking to
preserve artifacts within video games, and then not having a landing pad for any of that. And
then the nonprofit dissolving and the election kind of going to the winds. Yeah. So when I worked
at the British Film Institute, the the funding bodies had a phrase for that, which I thought was
really good. They said it's the issue, the issue was sustainability. So the funding bodies in the
UK, they might give say $3 million to a museum to catalog a collection or something. So the
museum would hire 10 people for three years for that. And then those people would disappear.
And sometimes the museum, you know, was basically living from grant to grant.
And that's no way to live. And there was no organization to like take over
when the grant funding ended. So an important thing always looking for is what is your plan
for sustainability? And you know, the rich person who's been sponsoring this no longer wants to do
it, you know, you're all that. Well, that's where the internet archive was so useful, because they
would digitize and they basically would, you know, promise to host as long as they were around.
And we were are such a small portion of their overall collections that if anything happened to
them, I'm pretty sure there'd be some kind of rescue effort. So yeah, you know, want to keep
a backup. But at the same time, not too worried about them going away. And I would rather have
media histories files on the internet archive servers than on some other server where we have
to raise money to cover the hosting costs. Yeah, yeah, because that's that is basically where the
VJF is at is that we're going, you know, fundraiser to fundraiser. And since there isn't another
larger game in town that works for right now. But it is tentative. It's super tentative. And
then worst case, if everybody gets hit by a boss, the index goes away, but the files are still on
the internet archive. And people can still access the raw content. Yep. And, you know,
also means that if anyone else wants to create their own search engine, without the hassle of
having to digitize things, they can do it. But nobody's done that so far. Because that's a pretty
complex activity. But the sustainability was really the big issue. And people, you know, with me,
well, David, I'm going to give you, you know, write this check. But how do I know this will
still be around in 10 years? Yep. You know, because so many independent projects don't make it. And
there are plenty of organizationally based projects where the, you know, the, and this was true at
the library also, where there's a server upgrade. And whoever was the internal advocate is no longer
there. And that activity, you know, goes away with a server upgrade.
Okay. So I saw in your, it was in the about us or somewhere in there, that you have data endpoints
for pulling and mass from stuff. I don't know if that's still available or accessible, but
I saw at some point that there was ways to query the whole collection in certain ways.
Well, Eric has sponsored a number of things because from his point of view as an academic,
he has to take this corpus of material and present it as a research project.
Okay. Right. So if you go on the website, there'll be narrative descriptions of each of the
categories of magazines. So there'll be, you know, a page and a half on trade magazines,
a page and a half on fan magazines. And then for each journal, there's a write up on each journal.
And that's trying to put it in an academic, scholarly, rigorous context. And among the projects he's
done is an N-gram project looking at, you know, word frequency. Oh, cool. Okay. Yeah. And that's
available off. That's fun being page. And then they've done a number of academic type projects that
involve a big data analysis. Okay. Yeah. As far as frequency of, you know, references and all that,
which are fine if you need to get tenure. And I guess the phrase that the academic
shoes is digital humanities. Yeah. So how do we present what's a pile of old magazines that have
been digitized as actually a cutting edge activity? And that's something that Eric and various grad
students have done a good job of. Okay, that no actually explains a lot. Because yeah, one of our
when I had a digital humanities class, it was about how do you activate work for big large
corpus of data. And we haven't quite gotten to that part of like, okay, we know all these fun
ways we can play with stuff. We know all these resources that can be digitized and used with this.
We don't have a way to like make projects consistent and available and accessible,
like a project management core to that. Right. Right. And so that's hopefully going to be the
next steps in that because it's it is a very fun process, but it's also very easy to get lost and
how exciting and fun that processes that end up with. All right, we've analyzed a bunch of words
on pages. Yeah, yeah. We know that there's, you know, 15% of this here and 20% of this, does it
mean they were getting there. But okay, so have you seen MHDL as like a use in that case, or as
as as his Hoyt? That I'm more interested in in topics such as the regionality of the magazines.
Okay. So, yep. Now pretty much everything's published in New York or Los Angeles,
but back then there are a lot of things come of the trade magazines, for example, during World
War II, there were 14 national trade magazines. That's right. You know, variety, variety, motion
picture Harold, motion picture daily box office, motion picture exhibitor, et cetera, et cetera.
And I'm interested in like who advertised? So which studios advertised publications?
Did that affect the coverage from those publications? You can go into the
AR, A-Y-E-R metrics to see for the advertisers, they did audits of the publications so that you'd
get reliable print runs, so that you could say, well, yes, these magazines you hold them in
next to each other and they seem similar, but this one had five times the sales of the other one.
Really, they'd be that similar. And in fan magazines, you can really see which
magazines had the national impact. There were local fan magazines and there were fan
magazines with 5% of the circulation of the big fan magazines.
Oh, does that show up in the like circulation numbers of magazines that show up in the
metadata anywhere or something? Yeah, if you go into the internet archive page for Media
Studio Digital Library and search on AR, A-Y-E-R, I think it pulls up a spreadsheet that Eric put
together. Oh, cool. That's fun. Okay, because yeah, that's a huge amount of like
easily context for a type of information. Okay, yeah, I have the top 40
collocation that you put together up and I just was having a great time wandering around on it
just because there's so many collections that are put together and curated on the site.
But the top 40 was just like, oh, yeah, nope, there's all of the backbone of film media of the
early 20th century. Yeah, yeah, so that helps you figure out
how indirectly likely packed. Yes, yeah. Yeah, yeah, that's that's so funny because I think
that's a lot of what is being measured right now. Since the digital archive the VJF put together
launched two years ago, so it's still super brand new. They're still trying to figure out how
how to identify if someone is using the archive and what that means and what that looks like
on the output. And the advertisements have been one of the like most grabable parts of
all of these works just because they're trade magazines that that have a lot of spread and a
lot of fandom. But the advertisements are just so aggressive. They're so in your face about
and looking back on them now, that's the thing that catches everyone's eyes. And so
I'm glad that you mentioned something about the advertising because yeah, that's the kind of
the same place that they're in right now too. So Eric, I, Eric, can I agree that we did not want
to require people to register to use the purpose. So really the only way of knowing who's using it
is by looking at the search queries. That is the same with the VJF was they didn't want anyone
to have to they didn't have to put up a barrier for any reason. And that if there was materials
that suddenly had certain prerequisites, they would rather take that off than have to manage,
logins or even we don't even do cookies. There's I there's no like cookie management where it
tracks people from page to page or anything because that's just that's outside of the scope of what
they can do right now. It's two people managing an entire archive and having the entire video game
industry look at them to as the like only standing archive currently for this kind of material.
So since Eric took it over, they put on copyrighted materials with permission of the rights holders.
And that certainly is something I would have loved to have gotten to, but I was off the project
before it got to that point. My interest also was really in the pre 1964 era. So I'm still
bringing together materials and getting them scanned and raising money for digitization. But
I'm just kind of doing that freelance, you know, getting to the local internet archive scanning
center and, you know, creating the metadata records and all that. From a couple of folks that I've
been talking to, I think this actually applies a lot more here just because of the material.
Since you are interested in pre 1964, is that date because artifacts are just a lot more common
after 64? Or is there a publication that has to do with the copyright law?
Is that okay? So that's all copyright driven.
Yeah, yeah, because for pre 1978 works, there was a provision where you'd get an initial
copyright term of 28 years and then you could renew for an additional 28 years.
You had to file for and that 28 years became 47 years for the renewal.
But starting with works that were published in 1964 through 1977, they made a law change
which made renewal automatic. Okay, so that just puts things on ice.
Right, right. So pretty much if it's pre 63 chances are it wasn't renewed and I know how to
check that and at the Library of Congress yesterday, I didn't go to the Copyright Office but it was
right there and post so I know like what was renewed and what wasn't and I just avoid the
things that were where the copyrights were renewed because I don't want to have to scan something
and take it down. And I don't want a website where like your 90% of it is 100% clear but the
dodgy stuff damages your reputation. Yeah, public blog post, oh, Media Street Digital
Library stole my stuff or my granddad's stuff and we just wanted to be clean as could be and also
we had early on gotten 600,000 pages from the Library of Congress,
Packard Campus. And that was another reason to be a clean organization because if we're
associated with a library and that was before I worked there that I didn't want to be on like
both sides of the street, oh, we can use this because it's public domain and oh, we ignore copyright
because, you know, we don't think you're going to successfully sue us. Yeah, did you have anything?
Oh, yeah. Did you have anything as like hard written down policy for those kinds of middle ground
areas? I had submitted a project proposal to the Library of Congress staff which led to them
using their money to digitize 600,000 pages and it was an appendix in there in terms of what was
renewed. Oh, that's perfect. Okay. Yeah. No, that's that's just makes sense that how it would
manifest inside of a appendix. Yep. Yeah. Because I wanted to demonstrate to them that I done the
due diligence. Yep. Interesting. Okay, cool. Because yeah, there's going to be just a lot of
gray area that you need to harden suss out once you're once you're involved with Library Congress.
So I was asking about the the pre 64 fast-station stuff just because
was were there any like artifacts or stuff that came up a ton of times where you had to make the
choice to be like, all right, we don't need all of this. When I was talking yesterday to
Australian National Film and Sound Archive, the curator's talking about they would keep getting
wonderful family heirlooms from people of the Queen visiting the in like 1954 or something and
they would be like, I'm sorry, your your family heirloom is really not valuable to us. Right,
or we already have common. Yeah. Are there any like just common materials that you were like,
all right, I got to avoid this and trying to look for rare materials or was it is it far enough
behind that that was easier to suss through? So these things maybe once were common in
libraries. So I've been to public libraries like in Baltimore and they had whole sections where
they had bound film magazines fan magazines. But back in the 70s, when these things started to be
microfilmed, they would often buy the microfilm and surplus the bound volumes. So many institutions
have some of the things that are online in microfilm. But you know, these days a student you show a
student microfilm and what's involved and it's like they just know, but they're hard to argue
with how much easier the internet is to use. So if it's if it's not digitized, it might as well
not exist for most users that the convenience outweighs the comprehensiveness and the lack
of searchability for microfilm. You know, it's a whole different approach where you go to the
like at the library yesterday, the reader's guide to periodical literature, which was an
indexed magazine articles. And I remember going through and you'd go through that, you'd get
your citations and then you'd pull the microfilm and print out those articles. And no one's
going through that kind of hassle now. No, no, and and I get it. It's as much fun as it is.
To go into the archives like that. Yeah, that's a big reason why the VJHF there
the reason it's been so focused on printed materials is is because that's been people
understand what a video game digital object kind of is in that it is a program that can be run,
it's software that can be played, but they don't know what goes into that. They don't know what
comes out of that on the peripheries. And the physical material often elucidates all of that.
So development documentation, advertising copy, trade show magazines, and the like all kind of
paint a much wider, larger picture. And then all of that can be OCR. So yeah, once that's been the
big thrust is that since they can do all of the work to scan an OCR. A magazine really easily
that that's just that's that's the end point for that kind of material. They have it on the
shelf physically and then they have it digitally in an OCR way, which is which just makes it really
easy to search through everything. But yeah, with with the media history digital library,
this is something that came through in before 2019. And so I don't think that was because of
the backbone of it is the internet archive. That level of identifying the material in it is a
kind of out of scope of just how those whole all those systems work.
Right. Right. So what are those? What other questions do you have? Yeah, I didn't have a
question off of that. I thought I thought it would be there. But yeah, so I do have just a whole
bunch of questions. I want to figure out which things we've already touched on, which things we
haven't. Back end. Yeah, we talked about that. Measurement tools. We talked a little about that.
Oh, I want to know while you were working with the MHDL, how did projects develop? Did
you were driving all of the project or, you know, collocations and curations and groupings
and stuff? Or was there anyone else that would be like, Hey, I need this and you would
work in that direction? So
my strength was knowing where the magazines were. Okay. And knowing people who were willing to put
up money to fund the digitization. And those were definitely separate people. And sometimes the
people who were willing to contribute at something specific in mind, other times I would say,
yeah, I've been offered this collection and I can borrow it. But it's going to cost me
X dollars. And I'd done some estimates as far as how many pages per shelf foot so that I could
estimate what the cost would be. And that gave me the ability to get both general funds and
specific funds. And then we would put a slip of paper at the back of the magazine, which would say
this is from the collection of so and so, the digitization was funded by and sometimes have the
well, and then we would have the website for Media History, Digital Library. I would,
let's see, what is the thing I wanted to mention? Okay, so there were physical aspects to the,
yeah, yeah, the collection.
Let's see, it was about the people with the money. Oh, and then I tried to get money out of
university libraries. Yeah, and they said, well, we kind of have to pay for a specific thing. We
can't really contribute to an, you know, an activity. So what we set up with a couple of those,
including Columbia University, was where I would sell them digital files. So I, you know,
I would sell them 10 years of motion picture herald. Okay. And then go and digitize those
magazines and then point them to the links on the internet archive site and say the work is
completed, you can download the files now. Simple as that, really? That was enough to
be considered. But that was the sort of thing that the institutions understood, right? So if
they're putting together a purchase order, that fits the other purchase orders that the library
does, where they are buying historical content in digital form. The difference was that I was
digitizing it on demand that the files weren't, you know, but I would not sell them something
that was already digitized. Yes, of course, that would work just for them. That process
makes so much sense. And then everyone else could benefit from the material that they had funded.
And it would, it would be just a really easy endpoint for them to link to and say, all right,
this is what we did. This is what the money did. It got this material digitized. And so yeah,
it was just your way of linking, how do I talk to private investors? How do I talk to universities?
How do I talk to folks who have collection materials that would be good in the archive?
And that would drive projects. That's, yeah, that makes perfect sense.
Okay, was there, do you have any, were there any other peers? MHDL seems so
vast, it's just such a wide amount of material. Are there other, you know, film and movie
crews archiving this kind of material in other ways? No, a pro quest there are
consequently set up a product for film, television, and recorded sound, you know, the record industry,
called entertainment industry media archive. And that's kind of a commercial version of what we
did. And it goes through to the present or close to the present. But they're really interested in the
mainstream publications. So variety in Hollywood report, a lot of what they have is off a microfilm
because it could be done quickly and cheaply, or it's from bound volumes where the OCR falls
apart because, you know, they didn't separate the pages or do the scanning very well. And
they only have weekly or monthly publications. So daily publications like daily variety and
motion picture daily and film daily, they don't have at all, because they made a curatorial decision
just to focus on the the weeklies and the monthlies. So they're there, they by my definition,
they're missing a lot. By their definition, they have the brand name, you know, familiar
types. Okay, no, that's exactly that's okay. So these are all there's a lot of these magazines,
especially like variety that have extended into the modern day. Do those do any of those companies
all use the MHDL for their any kind of history, grab it on to I wouldn't expect it, but no, we are
if anything, just an academic thing. And since 63 was what over 60 years ago,
it's hard to argue or to think that putting something from 1963 online is actually causing
any damage to varieties product. When stuff those commercial users will be interested in the 80s
and the 90s, yeah, thousands, and not in the, you know, over 60 years ago content. So I don't think
that there's really any conflict between the two activities, but they would certainly shut us down
in a heartbeat if it could. But because of they didn't renew their copyrights, they don't have
that ability. That's interesting. And the most of this, these things have been either
they went out of business and the grandchild owns that. Yep, right. Because they never,
the corporation was basically, you know, it was a family corporation or something like
Variety and Hollywood Reporter that's gotten rolled up into a much larger publications company.
Yeah. Right. Because yeah, once, yeah, those modern publication companies are going to be
much larger and more webby than just a single magazine. Interesting. So, okay, then,
man, we could really get through all the things that I was wondering about. Oh, um, did you,
have you ever gotten to show off the collection to anybody? It was like, as in a, like, showcase
or an exhibition or a, has it gotten to be presented in any kind of, oh, yeah, it's, I presented
conferences in Erica's presented at conferences. Yeah. And that's just at film conferences,
academic conferences, conferences, the motion picture academy had a film librarians conference
at two and a whole. So it was specialty libraries oriented toward motion picture
print materials. And yeah, we presented it at that. Okay. And when you present, is it like
showing the materials or just presenting the library at large or? Oh, it's more of a, how we did it.
Okay. You should choose something and do it too. Oh, I like that. Yeah. You should do this for
dance or you should do this for, you know, something else that media history digital library. We don't
want to get into like, like be so broad that it loses its focus. Eric is adding a lot of content
that is, you know, right at the edge. That's like right now, they've been adding some of the
materials out of the United Artists Collection at the University of Wisconsin Madison off microfilm.
Yeah. So ledger books of financial of income from individual film releases,
which is, I mean, I'm happy it's online, but it, you know, kind of blurs the definition of what the
collection is beyond just traditional print to archival archive records. That's super important.
The edges of a collection are, I'm just surprised because it seems like such a,
a collection that is very focused. And so hearing that there is those edges is like,
okay, that's, that's really cool. Yeah. Just because that leads to more different ways of growing it
and could lead to different types of people to latch onto and to grab onto. Okay. No, that's
the edges of our collection are all about. Like, if we get a prototype board of a video game,
we can't digitize that, but it becomes a like, all right, how do we, who do we give this to host,
who do we, or if we're taking it on, how do we preserve it in a way that makes sense,
what can we legally put onto the internet from this, from whatever the, if it's a prototype board,
it might have a company attached to it, it might not. Right. There's one more point I want to make
and then I need to get off, which is that the, the organizations that loan the print, that loan the
magazines and the collectors who loan the magazines, if I had asked for their film collections,
they would have said no. Yes. There's something about magazines where you really don't, you don't
think you have the only copy? Yep. So even though I digitize the magazine that belonged to the
collector, they don't feel they've given up anything because they still have the magazine.
And they know that I could probably have found it with somebody else. So I've taken their magazine
and made it easier for them to use because they can look at it on their computer, they can search it,
and they haven't lost anything as a result. So I found organizations like the Museum of Modern
Library was just wonderful in letting me digitize all the film related publications they had,
and that would, but at the end of the day, all those publications are back on the shelf,
and they were also digital copies, but they don't feel they've lost anything because they still
have those bound copies on the shelf. They just checked them out to me for three months.
Huh. Oh, well then, yeah. Yeah. And that's the same thing with the production of materials and
games. We'll have people who just are like, this is clutter in my desk. I don't know what to do with
it, so please take it out of my hands. So yeah, finding where folks are willing to let go of
materials. Right. Right. Exactly. Because the magazines were produced in thousands of copies,
even though often I'm convinced that I have the only copy, or that collector had the only copy,
they're usually willing to let me scan it. And then, yeah, and if they can, yeah, was it,
was there any difficulty with having materials coming in and then getting it back? Was that
it wasn't too heavy weight or anything to pretty like, yep, you'll see it in two, three months,
Oh, I'm detailed. And also with the internet archive, I would like with the museum of modern
art, I would drop off the boxes that had everything in it, and then I would pick them up from the
scanning center. So there was a complete chain of custody. Oh, awesome. Okay. That was kind of
what I was poking at was how materials come in, how they come out, because it's a digital archive
and stuff. Yeah, with the VJF, because it's so centralized, they just have a lot of material,
and half of it's unscanned, half of it's scanned. And so they'll get a box of stuff in from someone
who's like, do something with this, and they'll go, maybe, hold on. You might see that box in
six to 12 months, if there's anything we can do with it. Yeah, I don't think I have any other
larger quiz. Oh, I'm sorry, this is a good final question, just for for everything,
because it's the main thing that I've been focusing on. With nonprofits as a solution to
just the general US, like do it yourself mentality, where we have we're building archives and trying
to make them sustainable, but a nonprofit strategy is not always the best thing. Sometimes it is the
best thing. And you've given me so much to work with as far as how you can make that be a thing
that lasts longer than the nonprofit itself. I'm wondering just how you like just philosophically
decided on getting magazines into a nonprofit space, why why it was that part of film and media
archiving. And how just how that transforms from a nonprofit or into a nonprofit space.
I don't know. Makes sense.
That's the content that interests me is the magazines. And I researched and found magazines.
I mean, back when I was a kid, going to library, these and the one of the collectors I worked with,
he said, quote, the history of the film industry is in the trades. End quote. So, you know, the
detailed history is in the trade magazines. And that's what interested me. And I knew that I could
bring all of the elements together to history and librarianship before this, because I hear the
awe. That's that's the thing that I get to is more of a film archivist and historian. Yeah.
But the other element of it. Oh, is that for me personally, by nature, I'm not a collector.
So I don't feel a desire to own these magazines. I'm I'm quite happy to have them pass through my
hands. Occasionally I would have to buy something in order to be able to scan it. But then I would,
you know, try and pass it on to an institution. And so I doing this project gives me research
access to this material, which otherwise I wouldn't have. So I've certainly, you know, and I know
the collections and I know the search engine and I can find stuff that no one else, you know, can
find because they get it's and I can do the search to get down to, you know, where the actual.
So having just having someone who's activated in a way where it's like, okay, I have
this, this awe and this desire for this, this topic. But I do not have the desire to like keep
it. It's not about ownership. It's about making sure it's successful and available to everyone.
And then that's how you start to get the bubbling of a non-profit. I think that makes perfect
sense. Thank you. No, that's I know it's a little bit of retreading of stuff that we've kind of talked
about throughout today. But no, it's a beautiful answer. I love that. It's to kind of cap things
off. I've talked about how the VGHF has like this, this preservationist fervor around it.
And it comes from two years ago, yeah, it was three years ago, the reports that the VGHF produced
said that we are in our silent film era. And they said that as a threat, that the materials of video
games are at the same preservation levels that silent film is. Yeah, I did the study for the
Library of Congress that actually came up with the metrics on that for silent features. And
I think in all formats, 25%, but silent films that were originally released in 35 millimeter
American release version, I complete, I think was like 14%. So it was really 17 whole percent.
And so that's where after that point, just a lot of fervor inside of the industry came about and
trying to figure out how to focus that preservation aspect is difficult, is is trying to figure out
how do you, if people want to be collectors, if they want to be preservationists, if they want
to be archivists or librarians, how do they make that happen so that they don't just get excited
for a thing and then collapse once they realize that there's not any money in it.
Okay, well, I hope this has been helpful for you. Absolutely. It has been no. Thank you for the
time. All right.
Just getting to talk to you and getting to see all the NHDL stuff is so fun. And let me know
right we did. Oh, yes. Yeah, definitely. I we're going to publish a it should be the
capsule should end at the end of June. And so it's very, very quick turnaround. But once we have
a collection policy, that's the whole goal is just because there's so much focus on this
organization. They're just like, how do we keep our inbox from having this many emails?
And so that's my job, basically. Great.
It's just stemming emails. All right. Great talk of it. You have a great weekend.
All right. Bye.